Added a contributing guide document [9369] (#2)
eProsima/policies: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contribution Guidelines

Most of eProsima's products follow an open source model.
As such, we are always listening to the community for issues, feature improvements and suggestions.

## Submitting a pull request

If writing an issue does not do it for you because you just know what has to be done and how, and you have the energy
and time to directly contribute to the project, submitting a pull request is your way to go.

> Please mind that by doing so, you accept to abide to the pull request process followed on this repository, meaning:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please mind that by doing so, you accept to abide to the pull request process followed by eProsima, meaning:
```
These rules do not apply only to this repository, but also to all eProsima repositories

1. Modify one feature at a time.
   Avoid pull requests where several features or functionalities are implemented or modified at the same time.
   If you have many contributions, please split them in different pull requests.
1. Submit your pull requests in separate branches. 

>    As for branch names, we normally use `feature/*` for addingfunctionality or refactors, `hotfix/*` for small fixes,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   As for branch names, we normally use `feature/*` for adding functionality or refactors, `hotfix/*` for small fixes,
```

   and `bugfix/*` for larger parts that do not reflect reality and need to be corrected.

> 1. Code should be formatted according to our [Code Style Guide](https://github.com/eProsima/cpp-style), we also provide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Code should be formatted according to our [Code Style Guide](https://github.com/eProsima/cpp-style). We also provide
```

an [uncrustify](https://github.com/uncrustify/uncrustify) configuration file to help in that regard. 
1. Contributors must sign-off each commit by adding a `Signed-off-by: ...` line to commit messages to certify that they
   have the right to submit the code they are contributing to the project according to the [Developer Certificate of

>    Origin (DCO)](https://developercertificate.org/).

Reviewer: Too long. Maybe consider splitting this sentence in two.

>    Pull request with unsigned commits will not pass the automated checks until unsigned commits have been amended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Pull requests with unsigned commits will not pass the automated checks until unsigned commits have been amended.
```

1. Test your changes before submission, and only submit "green" pull requests.
   Our Continuous Integration will still run the tests, but this way the process becomes smoother and the "Fixing
   errors" commits and re-runs are avoided.
   If you need any help setting up, please let us know by opening an issue.

>    We will be happy to help you and to improve each repository's instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   We will be happy to help you and to improve the instructions for each repository if needed.
```

# Contribution Guidelines

> *Fast DDS* is an open source C++ implementation of the DDS (Data Distribution Service) standard of the OMG (Object

Reviewer 2: This is for all eProsima open source projects

Management Group). As such, we are always listening to the community for issues, feature improvements and suggestions.

## Submitting a pull request

If writing an issue does not do it for you because you just know what has to be done and how, and you have the energy
and time to directly contribute to the project, submitting a pull request is your way to go. Please mind that by doing
so, you accept to abide to the pull request process followed on this repository, meaning:

1. Modify one feature at a time. Avoid pull requests where several features or functionalities are implemented or
   modified at the same time. If you have many contributions, please split them in different pull requests.

> 1. Submit your pull requests in separate branches. As for branch names, we normally use `features/*` for adding

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Submit your pull requests in separate branches. As for branch names, we normally use `feature/*` for adding
```

   and need to be corrected.
1. Code should be formatted according to our [Code Style Guide](https://github.com/eProsima/cpp-style), we also provide
an [uncrustify](https://github.com/uncrustify/uncrustify) configuration file to help in that regard. 
1. Contributors must sign-off each commit by adding a `Signed-off-by: ...` line to commit messages to certify that they
   have the right to submit the code they are contributing to the project according to the [Developer Certificate of
   Origin (DCO)](https://developercertificate.org/). Pull request with unsigned commits will not pass the automated
   checks until unsigned commits have been amended.
1. Test your changes before submission, and only submit "green" pull requests. Our Continuous Integration will still run
   the tests, but this way the process becomes smoother and the "Fixing errors" commits and re-runs are avoided. If you
   need any help setting up, please let us know by opening an issue. We will be happy to help you and to improve each
   repository's instructions.
1. Be prepared to receive criticism, and potentially tons of change requests. Please do not take criticism as personal,

>    we really appreciate your contributing effort. To be merged into the master branch o the releases, a pull request

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   we really appreciate your contributing effort. To be merged into the master branch or the releases, a pull request
```

   must be approved by at least one reviewer with write access.
1. Changes of the kind `feature/*` must be accompanied by a pull request to the [Fast-DDS

>    Docs](https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-RTPS-docs) documenting the added functionality.

Reviewer: It should not refer to a particular repository documentation. It should be generic.

1. Mind that [LICENSE](LICENSE) applies to all contributions made to this repository.

## Coverage and Performance Policies

Coverage tests and performance tests are run in CI on the nightly builds of the master branch. New changes should never
lower the coverage result of the software. 

If at any time the master branch exhibits a performance regression the priority is to restore to the last working
version, until the root cause has been identified an proceeded to be fixed. 

> 

Reviewer 2: I think this does not belong here
